26 Feb 99
---------
Added make upgrade-noclobber that doesn't clobber the config.pm
commandline -create no longer barfs on blank "due" dates.
You can no longer merge a request into a non-existent other request

24 Feb 99
---------
Added a better message loop detection system.

23 Feb 99
---------

Fixed "delete user" functionality, which was totally broken.
thanks to rich west.

20 Feb 99
---------
tiny admin ui tweak to make lynx happier
added a wrapping fix from dave walton

19 Feb 99
---------
Cleaned up the web create template some more.
Cleaned up the "standard" toolbar.

18 Feb 99
---------
Cleaned up the web create template a bit

Fixed a couple of bugs in the web ui which made dealing with queues with
spaces in their names more difficult.



16 Jan 99
---------

Fixed a bug in the web acls setting.

15 Jan 99
---------

Lots of misc updates to fix small bugs.
Fixed several acls bugs.
the web admin no longer dumps you to the main menu quite as gratuitously.



2.  Made comments and replies update date_acted.

	-- Dave Walton

Ok.. I know this is being picky, but, in rt/lib/ui/web/support.pm, the
subroutine "content_header", at line 290, should have:
    print "<head><title>WebRT</title></head>\n";
-Rich

Oh, one other.

8.  etc/mysql.acl, line 5
The RT_MYSQL_HOST entry on that line doesn't make any sense
when MySQL is on a different host than RT.  That should be
RT_HOST, or some such thing.

Dave

After just upgrading to Apache 1.3.0 from 1.2.5, I figured I would make it
known that, in the file <apache_src_dir>/src/main/util_script.c, you have
to define SECURITY_HOLE_PASS_AUTHORIZATION to allow for RT's authorization
to work properly.
-Rich

On Tue, Oct 06, 1998 at 09:19:07PM -0700, Dave Walton wrote:
> I just discovered that if there is an error in add_correspondence, the
> mail interface discards the incoming mail without comment.  To
> correct this, I took the following steps:
>
In mail.pm, there's a space before :
  
From: $rt::mail_alias

This causes problems in some mail clients, putting the From: line on the
same line as the subject.  If the spaces are removed this is fixed.
  
Regards,
From: "Andrew Foster" <adf@fl.net.au>


19 Nov 98
---------

Incorportated patches from Dave Walton to fix a typo, replace an accidentally 
blown away library and add a "last acted" column to the web ui.
incremented version to .9.20


2 Aug 98
--------

Incorporated a LOT of changes from Serge Zhuk <serge@yahoo-inc.com>

Included newest versions of Rich West's req2rt and other scripts.

Bug fixes:

- changing user permissions via web queue-editing ui now actually works

- cli admin ui tweaks

- noted Mysql 3.22 compatibility.

- mail header <From:> was inserted using sendmail -f, what produces
  X-Authentication warning on each message

- 'Merge' function was completely incorrect- needed special handling of 
  effective_sn field, e-mail addresses of requestors were merged incorrectly,
  transaction had an empty date and text, webrt displayed junk 
  (empty transactions) as it didn't change the SN after the 'Merge',
  a lot of related bugs

- Area-s handling in 'Create request' was incorrect due to the bug in acl
  check (non-existent variable was checked)

- Several 'SELECTED' entries in a menu is a bug as web browsers handle it
  differently. Netscape takes the first 'SELECTED' entry while IE4 takes the
  last one. There should be only one ;)
  
  So with IE4, users ACL in Q configuration was displayed incorrectly (all
  users have 'Display' privelege) and if you press 'Update', new ACL will be
  set to 'Display' only, including the Q admin.  The option was exclusive 
  anyway, so it doesn't make any sense to SELECT several entries.

- Q admin had possibility to remove his own Q admin privelege, so with the
  above bug, he locks himself out.  Note, that this bug didn't affect 'RT 
  admin' attrib.

- only RT admin could change Q config as Q admin attrib was checked
  incorrectly (wrong variable name)

- 'change area' transaction was producing incorrect message when request was
  moved from an area to the main Q (to area 'None')

- 'change Q' option didn't work properly. rt didn't notice the change, 
  resulting empty transactions and junk on the screen

- duplicate transactions in attempt to change any field which wasn't
  actually changed (like change of status from 'open' to 'open' etc)

- a lot of other bugs i don't remember about ;)

New features:


- password length check added, empty passwords are not allowed. 5 char password
  minimum by default.  This is setable in the Makefile or config.pm 

- mail header <From:> is using an e-mail address of the Q, user sent request
  to, not the generic rt_alias as it's confusing for the users

- don't mail message headers to anybody

- don't display message headers either as this is annoying

- notify requestors/owners/q_members according to the Q settings
  (was totally broken before)

- e-mail addresses are always fully qualified now option '$domain' added 
  to /etc/config.pm for that and for checking the duplicates in the 
  'requestors' field.  '/etc/domainname' etc could be inefficient as your 
  mail domain could be different of your host domain.
  
- real_name field is in use now you can enter/change it from the admin web page

- alias %owner% (newly added) expands to the real name and e-mail address of
  the request's owner in a mail template


- send message to the request owner in case of the owner change because
  of 'steal' or 'merge'.

- 'Modify Q' in web admin changed to View/Modify depending on user's priveleges

- Sort users and Q-s by name in all web selections.  Helps to find needed 
  Q/person if you have many Q-s and/or Q members

- allow Q member to change the request's Q even if he doesn't own the
  request don't make him 'take' and then change Q, 'cause it's annoying and 
  was done only because it was easy to code ;)

- display requestor's personal information if company phone directory is
  available on the web.  Change '$isweb_uinfo' in web/manipulate.pm sub 
  display_summary() to the appropriate URL for your company



Additionally, serge added some functionality to mail to the user on "take, give, steal, etc." which I didn't patch into the main codebase, as it goes against my philosophy of how RT should work in this incarnation.  He also added functionality to make webrt work as a non-ssl-based script.  I removed this, as I'll be adding cookie-auth soon.  


I've added some new/updated patches to rt/contrib. check them out. We've got some new reporter code and a new version of req2rt from rich west as well as some code from serge to keep track of queue preferences with cookies.


ISSUES REMAINING IN .9.18:
	with view only, the user should NOT be able to have options to change 
	things in webrt.

	optionally, don't show/send headers.



26 Jun 98
---------
	
	Well, Here's RT 0.9.17.  .9.15 and .9.16 were released over the past
	several days and have most of the improvements in this new version.
	
	New:
		* Documentation from <adam@apocalypse.org> (see rt/docs) 
		 it's still in preliminary form, but it's here
		* cleaned up admin interface
		* bug fixes for mysql 3.21 (though there are issues with 
		mysql 3.21 and the web interface that have been reported by SOME
		users.

		* Ingo Luetkebohle <ingo@devconsult.de> has contributed the 
		  beginnings of code to allow an http server to perform 
		  authentication for us. (Like apache-ssl with mod_mysql_auth)
		  expect this in the next beta or so

		* 3 and 5 minute refresh options in web-queue-view

		* auto-configuration of cern httpd.conf files.  apache version
		  coming soon.


		* Eliminated apparent need for glimpse.  We're never going to 
		  use it. Instead we'll just be going to mysql for transaction
		  content by 1.1 or so.

		A bunch of other stuff I've forgotten.	
2 Apr 1998
----------

	RT 0.9.10 is a probably a bit more flaky than 0.9.9.  I added a bunch of
	new ui stuff and made the install more configurable and made upgrades
	easier.  Changes are too numerous to list but here's a summary:

	webrt:
	* nicer display of forms in netscape.
	* nicer display of forms in lynx
	* got rid of ugly black button bar
	* queue can now auto-refresh

	rt once again works w/ sendmail versions < 8.8 
	rt now works with mysql 3.21 (untested)
	the readme is more verbose
	the readme now tells you exactly how to make apache work with RT

	all in all we're much closer to 1.0.  I feel a lot better about the 
	web ui than I have in recent memory.  the cli could still use some work.




26 Jan 1998
-----------

	RT 0.9.8 is a lot more robust than 0.9.7.  I've played with this version a lot more
	than other recent releases.  A lot of tiny little bugs that just made things hard have been
	eradicated.  This version doesn't change anything major.  However, a lot of the changes made in
	0.9.5, 0.9.6 and 0.9.7 now actually work.  There shouldn't be any more taint complaints.
	Also, the web UI now sports an additional button bar for the most frequently used buttons.
	A lot of the silly stuff i was doing with procedure calls to make html tables has been wiped.
	that should make things a bit speedier.  
	WebRT will now tell you who you're logged in as.
	make upgrade (for upgrades from .9.5 or greater) now works
	transaction reporting by mail is now more verbose
	mailgate will now drop mail loops from postmaster.
	and many other small bug fixes that have been nagging me for the past 6 months.
	

1 Jan 1998
----------
	Extensive changes have been made to rt's internals in preparation for a 1.0 release
	Mysql serial numbers are now used in place of the reqnum and transactnum c programs.
	RT's library structure has been extensively reworked to make it more readable and 
		maintainable. this may have degraded performance slightly. if RT is noticably 
		slower, I want to know about it.
	Replaced the C setuid wrapper with a more flexible & stable perl version.
	Moved RT.pm to the etc directory and restructured it to be more maintainable.
	Reworked the makefile to concentrate all install-time options in a single location.
		config.pm, mysql.acl and rtmux.pl will be automatically configured with the values
		set in the makefile
	Several typos fixed.
	Adding comments in webrt no longer opens a spurious window.
	Soon, CC and Bcc on response/comment will be possible.
	database interaction has been cleaned up.
	RT now runs with TAINT checks enabled. this is much safer, but may cause rt to yelp. if it
		does, please report it.


Aug 24, 1997
------------
	The mailing routines now correctly print the To: line.
	The mailing routines should now be able to handle bizzare 
	  email addresses on the command line. (I added a pair of " marks.)

25 Aug 1997
-----------
	Changing subject now returns a correct response.
	Database Select errors are now more verbose.
	Added in Rich West's new README. (Thanks, Rich!)

9 Sep 1997
----------
	Added support routines for importing requests
	Added rich west's req2rt program in contrib
	Web interface now does header parsing
	Web interface now displays things in <angle brackets> in messages properly.
	There were other fixes which I've forgotten.



