RTFM (The RT FAQ Manager) is a tool for maintaining an organizational
knowledgebase. Out of the box, it integrates with RT 3.4.2 or later
(Also available from bestpractical.com)

Best Practical sells support and customization for RT and RTFM.  Feel
free to contact us at sales@bestpractical.com if you have any
questions about our service offerings.

RTFM requires a few modules in addition to RT's standard dependencies.
The 'perl Makefile.PL' command will check that you have all of the
required modules installed; if not, they will either be auto-installed
during the 'make' step, or you can opt to install them by hand using
the CPAN shell or with any system-specific package management software
you may have.

Installation instructions:
--------------------------

NOTE that upgrade steps are described in UPGRADING

1) Install RT 3.4.2 or newer

2) Once RT appears to be happily installed, cd into the directory you
   unpacked RTFM into.

3) perl Makefile.PL

4) make install

5) make initdb

6) 

7) stop and start your web server

8) Before you can add content to RTFM articles, you will need to configure
   classes and custom fields. For details, see lib/RT/FM/Introduction.pod

----------------------------------------------

Upgrade instructions can be found in UPGRADING

Further reading:
-----------------------------------------------------

You can read pod files using perldoc utility that comes with perl.
1) lib/RT/FM/Introduction.pod - quick overview
2) lib/RT/FM/Config.pod - RTFM's config options

Staff users should be now have a new "RTFM" menu item RT's top level menu.
As an administrator, you should go create some "Classes" of articles in RTFM.
Classes are equivalent to RT's queues. 

Unlike RTFM 1.0, RTFM 2 doesn't have a single "body" section for each
article. Everything is a custom field (except for name, summary and some
other basic metadata). So, you need to go create some custom fields.

Once you've created your custom fields, go into your classes and click
on "Custom Fields" and add the Custom Fields you want to each class.

Each Article will belong to a particular Class, but Articles can also be
grouped using Topics.  Topics are created by administrators on Classes
using the 'Topics' submenu of the RTFM Class configuration.  The
configuration screen for the Class has a tab for 'Topics'. Type the name
(and optionally description) of the Topic, and then click the button at
the appropriate location in the Topic hierarchy. This should allow you
to build a tree of Topics. This tree of Topics should show up when
creating or modifying articles in the class. These can be arbitrarily
nested.

Topics can also be created globally.  These are managed from 
RTFM's Configuration tab, under the Global heading along with
global User and Group rights.  These Global Topics will be available
for all Articles, regardless of their Class.  Articles can belong to
both global and class-specific Topics.

Articles topics can be set from the 'Modify' screen for the article --
simply select as many topics as you desire from the list at the bottom
of the screen.

Of course, RTFM integrates with RT.  You can extract the body of a
ticket into an article. Within RT, you should now see an "Extract to
article" button in the upper right hand corner of RT's UI when working
with tickets. When you click that button, RTFM will ask you which Class
to create your new article in.  Once you click on a class name, the
Ticket's transactions will be displayed, along with a set of select
boxes. For each transaction, you can pick which Freeform, Text, or
WikiText field that transaction should be extracted to. From there on
in, it's just regular article creation.  And the integration doesn't
stop there!  When replying to or commenting on tickets, there is a UI
widget that lets you search for and include RTFM articles in your reply.
(They're editable, of course).  

You can also bind articles to topics. Topics are created by administrators
on classes using the 'Topics' submenu of the RTFM class configuration.
The configuration screen for the class has a tab for 'topics'. Typing the
name (and optionally description) of the topic, and then clicking the button
at the appropriate location. This should allow you to build a tree of topics.
This tree of topics should show up when creating or modifying articles
in the class. These can be arbitrarily nested categories.

Articles topics can be set from the 'Modify' screen for the article --
simply select as many topics as you desire from the list at the bottom
of the screen.

Of course, RTFM integrates with RT.  You can extract the body of a
ticket into an article. Within RT, you should now see an "Extract to
article" button in the upper right hand corner of RT's UI when working
with tickets. When you click that button, RTFM will ask you which
Class to create your new article in.  Once you click on a class name,
the Ticket's transactions will be displayed, along with a set of
select boxes. For each transaction, you can pick which Freeform, Text,
or WikiText field that transaction should be extracted to. From there
on in, it's just regular article creation.  And the integration
doesn't stop there! When replying to or commenting on tickets, there's
a new UI widget that lets you search for and include RTFM articles in
your reply. (They're editable, of course).

New in 2.4, you can use Topics to organize a set of Queue specific
Articles.  Simply create a global Topic called 'Queues' and then create
Topics under Queues named after each of your Queues.  Within each Queue
named Topic, create some Topics and then assign Articles to those
sub-topics.  This creates a hierarchy like this:

Queues
\-> General
    \-> Topic 1
    \-> Topic 2

If you are replying to a Ticket in the General Queue you will be 
offered a choice of Topic 1 and Topic 2 along with the searching.
After choosing Topic 1 or Topic 2, you will be given a list
of relevant articles to choose.

Bugs reporting and discussion lists:
-----------------------------------------------------

You probably want to discuss RTFM on rt-users@lists.bestpractical.com.
(Send mail to rt-users-request@lists.fsck.com to subscribe)

Bug reports can be sent to rtfm-bugs@bestpractical.com. You can look
at open bug reports at http://rt3.fsck.com/. Log in as guest/guest
to see the content of bug reports.

        Best,
        Jesse Vincent
        Best Practical Solutions, LLC

