Template: request-tracker/rtname
Type: string
Default: example.com
Description: A unique tag for your RT instance
 This tag is used to uniquely identify your RT instance on the web and
 in email headers.  Your domain name is recommended, so as not to pollute 
 the namespace.
 Once you start using a given tag, you should probably never change it.
 (otherwise, mail for existing tickets won't get put in the right place

Template: request-tracker/organization
Type: string
Default: example.com
Description: Internal identifier for your RT instance
 This tag is used internally by RT to identify tickets, as well as to
 generate RFC compliant Message-Id headers. It MUST be an RFC-Compliant
 DNS domain name.  You should set this to your organization's DNS domain name. 

Template: request-tracker/timezone
Type: string
Default: US/Eastern
Description: Timezone for request-tracker
 Internally, RT treats times as GMT. For data entry and display
 purposes, times are converted into local time as specified by this
 timezone. This should be the name of a standard timezone, such as
 US/Eastern or America/New_York

Template: request-tracker/db-type
Type: select
Default: mysql
Choices: mysql
Description: Database type for RT to use
 You need to specify which database RT should use.

Template: request-tracker/db-host
Type: string
Default: localhost
Description: Hostname of your database server
 RT needs to be able to find your database server. If your database
 server isn't running on localhost, enter its hostname here.

Template: request-tracker/db-port
Type: string
Default: 
Description: Port to connect to for the database
 If you run your database on a non-standard port, specify it here.
 If you leave it blank, the default port will be used.

Template: request-tracker/dba-password
Type: string
Default: 
Description: Database administrator's password
 If you have set a password for your database administrator, RT
 needs that password in order to complete the installation

Template: request-tracker/db-database
Type: string
Default: rt2
Description: Database name
 This is the database that rt will create and use.
 Leave this as the default unless you have a good reason to
 change it.

Template: request-tracker/rt-db-user
Type: string
Default: rt_user
Description: RT database user
 This is a user that request-tracker will create and use to
 interact with its database.  In most cases, the default
 should be fine.

Template: request-tracker/rt-db-pass
Type: string
Default: rt_pass
Description: request-tracker database password
 This is a password that RT will associate with its
 database user.  You should change this to something
 secure.

Template: request-tracker/owner-email
Type: string
Default: root
Description: Email of request-tracker owner
 This should be set to the email address of the person
 responsible for managing RT. Certain critical errors
 will be mailed to this user in the case of catastrophe.

Template: request-tracker/corresp-addr
Type: string
Default: rt
Description: request-tracker email address
 RT is designed to make sure that any mail which already has
 a ticket-id associated with it will get to the right place
 automatically.
 .
 This is the default address that will be listed in From: and
 Reply-To: headers of mail tracked by request-tracker unless
 overridden by a queue-specific address.

Template: request-tracker/comment-addr
Type: string
Default: rt-comment
Description: request-tracker comment email address
 This is the default address that will be listed in From: and
 Reply-To: headers of mail tracked by RT unless
 overridden by a queue-specific address.

Template: request-tracker/db-purge
Type: select
Default: no
Choices: no, yes
Description: Purge database on package removal
 When RT is removed from this system, you may optionally purge
 RT's database from the system. This is not recommended.
