
  FAQ
  
  CONFIGURATION

   RT_MAIL_TAG
  
   what should RT_MAIL_TAG be, and why?
          
          RT_MAIL_TAG should be a unique site/install identifier. Every
          piece of mail which that RT sends out, regardless of Queue or
          Area, will have that token put onto the subject line, i.e.
          "Subject: [circus #8799] Too Many Monkeys!" (in this case, the
          RT_MAIL_TAG is "circus."
          
   Sends OUT? What about receives? the makefile implies that it's needed
          on incoming mail, as well.
          
          every piece of mail that it's supposed to parse correctly and
          add to an existing ticket will need that token as well.
          
   Where? Anyplace, in the body of the request, or some other special
          place?
          
          On the subject line.
          
   If they are going to have 2 seperate queues, one for internal IT and
          one for servers accessed from outside sources, will everyone
          use the same MAIL_TAG?

          yes. the same tag and the same ordinal system across both
          queues. (i.e. req's 4, 5, and 6 are in queue Foo. The next
          person to open a req in queue Bar will get given number 7.)


   KNOWN ERRORS AND TRAPS
   
   It doesn't work?

          Check the logfile for useful hints.  The logfile should be
	  specified in the Makefile.

   "Could not send mail"?

	  We use the Mail::Internet send sub for sending mail, with
	  sendmail as the argument.  Check the Mail::Internet and
          Mail::Mailer PODs.  If you're a hacker, check the source.

   "You need Mailtools 1.14"?

          Check if you have the most recent version of Mailtools
          (Mail::Internet, Mail::Mailer, etc), available from CPAN.
	  
   It's complaining about a missing Mail::Field::addrlist?

          That's a weird bug in Mail::Field.  Tobix hasn't really understood
	  it himself, there is no reason why it should be called.  Anyway,
	  locate AddrList.pm and make a symlink from addrlist.pm to your
	  AddrList.pm.  Eventually, hang around and wait for an upgrade of
	  Mail::Field ... or Log::Dispatch, because it seems to be
	  Log::Dispatch that uses Mail::Field.
	  
   httpd won't run when I use the webmux.pl perlhandler (mod_perl)?
   
          Tip from a user: RedHat comes with mod_perl as a dynamic library,
	  but it has to be compiled into apache to get Mason working.
	  
